README.md, before:

# panorama-overlandtrails
The Overland Trails 1840-1860

Latest build can be viewed at [http://dsl.richmond.edu/panorama/overlandtrails](http://dsl.richmond.edu/panorama/overlandtrails)


##Data Sets
A list of all base datasets for this project in CartoDB can be found in [data/README.md](data/README.md)

##Dependencies
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
* [CartoDB](https://cartodb.com/) account

##Setup
Make sure you have [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

Load required **NPM** modules.
```bash
npm install
```

Create a `.env.json` file from `.env.json.sample` in **root** directory and add your CartoDB account name to the `.env.json` file. Will look like this...
```json
{
  "siteroot" : "./",
  "cartodbAccountName" : "ACCOUNT NAME HERE"
}
```

##Develop
To run locally:
```bash
npm start
```

Open browser to http://localhost:8888/

##Deploy
**To use development code**: Copy the [build directory](./build) to your server, but for production you will want to run:
```
npm run dist
```

This will create a `dist` directory. Move this directory to your server.

Both directories are all **static files**, so no special server requirements needed.

Commit message:

Clarify that this repo doesn't use the latest Panorama toolkit

README.md, after:

# panorama-overlandtrails
The Overland Trails 1840-1860

Latest build can be viewed at [http://dsl.richmond.edu/panorama/overlandtrails](http://dsl.richmond.edu/panorama/overlandtrails)

**NOTE: the code in this repository was developed _before_ the Panorama toolkit was complete. Therefore, it doesn't use all of the current Panorama libraries and design patterns. To see an example of a map that is built on the finalized Panorama toolkit, see [panorama-canals](https://github.com/americanpanorama/panorama-canals)**


##Data Sets
A list of all base datasets for this project in CartoDB can be found in [data/README.md](data/README.md)

##Dependencies
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
* [CartoDB](https://cartodb.com/) account

##Setup
Make sure you have [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

Load required **NPM** modules.
```bash
npm install
```

Create a `.env.json` file from `.env.json.sample` in **root** directory and add your CartoDB account name to the `.env.json` file. Will look like this...
```json
{
  "siteroot" : "./",
  "cartodbAccountName" : "ACCOUNT NAME HERE"
}
```

##Develop
To run locally:
```bash
npm start
```

Open browser to http://localhost:8888/

##Deploy
**To use development code**: Copy the [build directory](./build) to your server, but for production you will want to run:
```
npm run dist
```

This will create a `dist` directory. Move this directory to your server.

Both directories are all **static files**, so no special server requirements needed.
